hello ladies and gentlemen what's up
just a quick little announcement video
for you today but in the background I'm
going to be playing another two before
the me and tempest did now you can see
right here both of our allies skirt and
finn just left the game this is one of
my alternate accounts at kroff is the
name that is forced backwards for the
Keen of i and you can see right there as
soon as the our allies left the game
that huge influx and minerals we got
apparently they had zero vespene gas
though because i didn't get much extra
of that so i'm going to pick this up
from this spot and let's do the little
announcement video basically the
announcement for you today is I just
wanted to officially announce you know
the addition of other casters to the
channel now again for those who don't
know we have featured videos from both
matron starcraft as well as the sc2 own
it Shaq so if you haven't seen those go
ahead and check those out there
definitely some really good content on
both guys channels really awesome really
quality casters I'm so subscribe to
their channels as well I know you guys
maybe don't know personally but if you
like a caster if you like someone on
YouTube actually period if you subscribe
to the channel if you do things like
like their videos all these things help
out a ton I'm here you can see that well
counter-attack as soon as both of our
eyes left the game I realize we have to
do some damage so pushing out right here
marine Raven and tank pretty solid
combination but anyways I just want to
officially announce the addition of
those casters now it is just those two
thus far again that's the sc2 own at
shack and matron starcraft there's going
to be some more there in the works at
the moment so keep an eye out for that
there are some more commentator some
more casters that they're going to be
added to the channel as well so
definitely looking forward to that
addition and besides that I guess that's
basically it there's going to be some
more videos from me in the near future
so keep it out for that been very very
busy lately but don't worry I expect
tomorrow to come out with a few videos
and then I've got a couple days off this
weekend so going to be pumping out some
content there as well I'm so anyways the
end result of this game is we do win the
two before scenario it's pretty
hilarious if you guys want to see it let
me know in in its entirety and i'll go
ahead and recast that at a later date
but right now i'm going to get ready to
go to work so as always guys husband for
some force strategy gaming hopefully
enjoy the content if you do subscribe to
the channel and keep watching and keep
owning
you